README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Anass Choraichi</h1>
<h3 align="center">Front-End Web Developer | Passionate about Data Engineering & Visualization</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=atechproc&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="atechproc" /> </p>

- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [atechproc.dev](https://atechproc-portfolio.vercel.app/)
- 📫 How to reach me **choraichianass@gmail.com**


### About Me :
- 
  As a front-end developer, I specialize in creating responsive and performant web applications using modern JavaScript and React. My curiosity drives me beyond the interface, and I'm currently exploring the world of data engineering to understand how to better manage, process, and visualize data from the ground up. I'm always eager to learn new technologies and tackle challenging projects.
  
## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/anass-choraichi-80a403267/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:choraichianass@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat-square&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=flat-square&logo=react) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat-square&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![MUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mui&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=flat-square&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ATechproC&theme=react&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ATechproC&limit=5&theme=react&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ATechproC&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile and technologies
Updated personal description and tech stack in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Anass Choraichi</h1>
<h3 align="center">Front-End Web Developer | Passionate about Data Engineering & Visualization</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=atechproc&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="atechproc" /> </p>

- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [atechproc.dev](https://atechproc-portfolio.vercel.app/)
- 📫 How to reach me **choraichianass@gmail.com**


### About Me :
- 
  I am a Full-Stack Developer with 3+ years of experience in creating scalable and high-performance web applications. I specialize in React.js for crafting modern, responsive user interfaces and utilize Node.js with Express.js and Spring Boot for building robust backends. I take pride in writing clean, maintainable code and delivering digital solutions that not only meet client expectations but also drive business success. One of my notable projects includes a comprehensive e-commerce platform featuring secure REST APIs and an intuitive frontend. I thrive on challenges and am always eager to collaborate on projects that push boundaries. If you need a reliable developer who can bring your vision to life, let's connect and discuss how we can achieve your goals together.
  
## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/anass-choraichi-80a403267/) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:choraichianass@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-%235391FE.svg?style=flat-square&logo=powershell&logoColor=white) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=flat-square&logo=react) ![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=flat-square&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/vite-%23646CFF.svg?style=flat-square&logo=vite&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![MUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/MUI-%230081CB.svg?style=flat-square&logo=mui&logoColor=white) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=flat-square&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=flat-square&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white). ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=flat-square&logo=express&logoColor=white). ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white). ![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white). ![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white). ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white). ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ATechproC&theme=react&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ATechproC&theme=react&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ATechproC&limit=5&theme=react&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ATechproC&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
